
# PROJECT NAME: CognitiveQuest (Chatbox)

<!-- scre -->


## Table of Contents

- [Project Overview](#project overview)
- [The Dataset](#dataset)
- [Performance Metrics](#metrics)
- [Findings](#findings)
- [Deploying on Streamlit Server](#deployment)
- [Examples](#examples)


## Project Overview
The Autism Chatbot project aims to develop a conversational agent using Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques to assist individuals and caregivers affected by autism spectrum disorder (ASD). The chatbot provides a supportive interface for users to access information, resources, and interactive support related to autis


### The Dataset
**Short Description of the Data:**

The dataset you described consists of 50 rows and 5 columns, generated by ChatGPT. Here is a breakdown of each column based on the information provided:

Context: This column contains brief descriptions or definitions related to Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). It provides background information to set the context for the questions and answers.

Questions: This column includes questions posed about ASD. These questions seek information, clarification, or details on various aspects of autism.

Answers: Here, you find responses or answers to the questions listed in the "Questions" column. These answers provide explanations, insights, or information related to autism.

Patterns: This column likely contains similar or related questions that might commonly arise in conversations or discussions about ASD. These patterns help in understanding recurring themes or topics.

Articles: This column contains links or references to external articles or sources that provide additional information or details on specific topics related to autism.


### Performance Metrics


### Setting up ML Deployment on Streamlit:

1. **Install Streamlit**:
   ```bash
   pip install streamlit
   ```

2. **Open Streamlit App Folder**
  
3. **Test Locally**:
   Run app.py locally
   ```bash
   streamlit run app.py
   ```

### Deploying App on Streamlit Server:

1. **Sign up for Streamlit**:
   - Go to https://share.streamlit.io/ and sign up for a Streamlit. Connect it with GitHub repo.

2. ***Deploy App**:
   - Click "New App" and fill in the required fields to configure app.
   - Connect Streamlit repo and click  "Deploy" to deploy the web app on Streamlit server.
   - Monitor the deployment and check for errors in the logs by clicking "Manage App".

3. **Access Deployed App**:
   Once deployed, web app will be accessible via a web page in the browser.

4. **Link to App**: https://cognitivequest123.streamlit.app/

